Okay so we got reject form chrome web store here its is 

   Hi there,

We regret to inform you that the most recent submission of your item was rejected. Please find the details below.


Item name: Tabmangment

Item ID: abplhccmjhdcofakcolniimgbfjlkohn.

Violation(s):

Use of Permissions:

Violation reference ID: Purple Potassium
Violation:
Requesting but not using the following permission(s):
identity
How to rectify: Perform a full review of your extension's permissions:
Remove the unused permission(s) listed above from your manifest file.
Audit all other permissions requested by your item. Ensure every permission is actively used and necessary for your item's functionality.
Relevant section of the program policy:
Request access to the narrowest permissions necessary to implement your Product's features or services. Don't attempt to "future proof" your Product by requesting a permission that might benefit services or features that have not yet been implemented. (learn more)


Code Readability Requirements

Violation reference ID: Red Titanium
Violation:
Having obfuscated code in the package.
Violating content:
Code snippet: config.js: _b: ['dGFibWFuZ21lbnQubmV0bGlmeS5hcHA=']
How to rectify: Replace the obfuscated code with human-readable code and resubmit the item.
Relevant section of the program policy:
Developers must not obfuscate code or conceal functionality of their extension. (learn more)

why and how to fix it 👇

🚫 1. Unused Permission ("identity")

Reason for rejection:
You declared the permission "identity" in your manifest.json, but the Chrome Web Store reviewers couldn’t find any code actually using it.

Why this matters:
Google wants extensions to only request permissions that are actively required. They don’t allow "just in case" permissions because it’s a privacy/security issue.

How to fix:

Open your manifest.json.

Find this line (or similar):

"permissions": ["identity", "tabs", "storage"]


Remove "identity" unless you really use it for login/authentication (like chrome.identity.getAuthToken()).

Save and re-upload your extension.

✅ Example fixed version:

"permissions": ["tabs", "storage"]

🧩 2. Obfuscated Code ("config.js")

Reason for rejection:
They found this in your code:

_b: ['dGFibWFuZ21lbnQubmV0bGlmeS5hcHA=']


That string (dGFibWFuZ21lbnQubmV0bGlmeS5hcHA=) is Base64 encoded, and Chrome flags any encoded or obfuscated strings that hide what the code is doing.

Decoded, that equals:

tabmangment.netlify.app


So it looks harmless — but Chrome still rejects any hidden/encoded domain strings.

How to fix:
Replace that line with a normal readable string:

_b: ['tabmangment.netlify.app']


or simply:

const config = {
  url: 'https://tabmangment.netlify.app'
};


✅ Make sure all your code is human-readable — no base64, no minified/encoded data, no compressed variable names.

✅ Steps to Resubmit

Fix the two violations:

Remove unused "identity" permission.

Replace the Base64/obfuscated string with plain text.

Rebuild the .zip file. to have all the update and eveything 

Re-upload it to the Chrome Web Store Developer Dashboard.

Add a short note in your submission saying:

“Removed unused ‘identity’ permission and replaced Base64 string with human-readable URL as requested.”
